All right.
Good morning everybody to the modern email death room.
It's nine o'clock Sunday morning.
I welcome you, I'm Hans Jörg.
I welcome you on behalf of the organizers of this death room, which is with me Benoit,
Damien and Michele.
We have the honor to have an email death room, which probably didn't happen for like
10 years or so within FOSTA.
So it was a little bit of an experiment because we saw, okay, there's this email thing.
Does anybody still care about email?
So we said, okay, let's call it modern email maybe.
Yeah, so that makes people maybe happy.
And yeah, we were totally overwhelmed.
So thank you everybody attending here during the days.
Everybody submitting some proposals.
So we really, really had a hard time choosing and making the agenda.
You might have seen also our agenda is quite full because we really wanted to honor many
different topics and interesting things that were proposed.
So it might get a little bit rushy over the day.
So I kindly ask you if you switch rooms maybe to make it quickly and efficiently.
We might maybe cut a little bit question time and relay something to the chat, something
like that.
But yeah, otherwise I think that will hopefully a very nice day.
And we also, you've seen there is some metrics channels and so on going on.
So there will be also after this day, hopefully some further discussion about, you know, how
to make and preserve and keep email relevant and nice technology for everybody.
And as for the day, you might have seen we somehow try to cluster a little bit into topics
in the sessions.
So we start with what we call protocols session now.
There will be afterwards some talks about JMAP, which is interesting new technology,
you know, to modernize IMAP in a certain way or make it bring it into the future.
We will have a service session about email service systems later on and operations session
about administrative topics and how to run mail servers.
We have clients, email clients.
Many of them you will know and probably daily use and there will be certainly some interesting
news I think.
We have a security session and finally a small session about a new thing called structured
email.
So hope everybody stays to the end.
And I think let's get started.
And I think the floor is here for Fabian first.
Thank you.